Hi guys, in this part one we create
animate store using
ATX video 0.9.8.
You can watch part one and part two.
You can learn how to download the capui
portable and cui manager the part one
install the x video 0.9.8.
Okay, in this part we only create
animate story using those tools. Okay,
first thing first, let's go to the camp
UI. Go download this. Where is my campi?
Open it. Run it.
Okay, fine. It's open it.
This is my workflow.
Now let's open the chat DP. Go here. Log
in. Okay. In the chat, let's add prompt.
Okay. Let's see what do
it animate. Sorry.
Sorry. You want
to let
everything else
you
for each
frames.
Mom.
Okay. I think it's fine.
Okay, now we want to add this prompt on
the TX and generate the seeds.
Okay, before you do that, we have to go
here to the 11 lab.
Sign up.
Sign up with Google.
Choose my account.
Okay.
Was there
just anyone or keep it?
Okay. You want to use it for free
now? Choose any
any voice. Want to choose this one.
Let me get started.
Now let's divide the screen by two.
Okay, the first one
and the 11 laps.
Okay, scene number one.
Let's copy this narration.
Second one.
And let's pick out seven.
Okay.
Spe take some time.
>> In a quiet cobblestone town, a lonely
clock maker discovered a glowing white
feather lying on his workbench. The
moment he touched it, the clocks froze,
and the world outside his window blurred
into a swirl of colors. A gentle voice
whispered, promising him one wish, if he
could find where the feather came from.
He stepped through the window into a
floating city of shimmering glass
bridges and sky whales drifting above.
On the highest bridge, a giant sky whale
offered him the rest of its wing in
exchange for a story.
Okay, now they can download by clicking
this button. Okay, finally it's
downloading. Okay, now let's move to the
next part is to add the scenes. Let's
return to the scene number one.
Okay, this one prompt.
Let's go to
the workflow the computer
7. Go to the local host.
Add the prompt here.
Okay. First one. Copy this.
Let's copy.
Okay, fine. I think
etc.
It's working right now. Let's move to
the same s the same button P
send to
best.
Run it
three.
Sin 4.
I am
Copy six.
Antonio
We have to install this in sync mode
and let's
Okay, this first seat
Second one is working.
Okay, let's return here stream and let's
go here.
Copy output file path.
Go here. Open your window.
Paste
those.
I can't wait some moment
to the work finished.
Okay, fine. All all of scenes are done
of creating this.
Uh now let's move to the next part is to
add to the cap cap cut and export it.
Close this.
Okay. Deep. Deep.
Now, let's create this. Copy all of
those and create a new folder.
Inside this folder, I want to add those.
Delete those.
on a seven seats.
Now let's open the cap cut
and this cap cut want to add those 11s
audio.
Create new project.
Exit.
Delete this.
Let's add the audio first.
And let's add the scenes. My desktop new
folder.
First one.
Second one.
Third one.
Okay,
now let's go
back inside here
and let's go to the scene one.
Notice this.
And let's see.
>> In a quiet cobblestone town, a lonely
clock maker discovered a glowing white
feather lying on his workbench.
>> Okay, fine. Make this one here.
Okay, second one.
The moment he touched it, the clocks
froze and the world outside his window
blurred into a swirl of colors.
routine.
>> A gentle voice whispered, promising him
one wish if he could find where the
feather came from.
He stepped through the window into a
floating city of shimmering glass
bridges and sky whales drifting above.
On the highest bridge, a giant sky whale
offered him the rest of its wing in
exchange for a story. He told
He told the whale of every clock he had
built, and in return, it gave him the
power to turn back one moment in time.
Okay, the final part now.
Okay, after this part we can export
it with export
and export.
Okay, this all for this.